Blow:   (Future.) Blow that money like a candle block. Blow that kush like a candle block. (Ludah, astronaut, astronaut.) Blow that money like a candle block. (Big rock up.) Blow that kush like a candle.   I got brick fare on me right now and I'll blow it. 40 racks stuffed down in my denim, I'll blow it. Take a gram of kush and roll it in a blunt, I blow it. What I spent today you spend it in a month, yea I blow it. Blow, blow, blow that money like a candle. Blow, blow that kush like a candle. (Big money music.) Blow, blow that money like a candle. Blow, blow that kush like a candle.    What a bird go for? (Go for.) I got that in my coat. (That in my coat.)  Say 35 racks? I could buy a kilo. Put the Gucci skully on. (Put the Gucci skully on.) Help me think a little better. (Help me think a little better.) Stuff the cash in my denim. (Stuff the cash in my denim.) Blowing racks on blow. (Racks on ice.) All the drugs I make. (All the drugs I make.) I need a gold medal. I'm first place. All the songs got played. (All the songs got played.) Wrote a mill or better. (Wrote a mill or better.) I blow the strongest dope.  I drink the strongest lean. When I hit the scene. You see racks of jeans. Think I printed it up, like a copy machine. Y'all niggas forgave, for trying to copy my team. I blow them bands. (I blow them bands.) Like ceiling fans. (Like ceiling fans.) Stay chasing paper. (Stay chasing paper.) Like a Taliban. (Like a Taliban.) I'm freeband, La Familia. (My family.) I got benjamins, talking to bunch of them.   I got brick fare on me right now and I'll blow it. 40 racks stuffed down in my denim, I'll blow it. Take a gram of kush and roll it in the blunt, I blow it. What I spent today you spend it in a month, yea I blow it. Blow, blow, blow that money like a candle. Blow, blow that kush like a candle. Blow, blow that money like a candle. (Yea, if anybody knows about blowin money, it's me.) Blow, blow that kush like a candle.   Just bought a 458. (Bought a 458.) Cost 300 racks. (Cost 300 racks.) Ludacris I'm a legend. (God damn right.) So I still drive in my Ac'. (Still drive in my Ac'.) Took two years off. (Took two years off.) Just to raise my cup. (Just to raise my cup.) Worth a hundred fucking men. (Worth a hundred fucking men.) Niggas can't keep up. (Niggas can't keep up.) What you're making in a year. (What you're making in a year.) I blow it in a week. (I blow it in a week.) Just built a guest house. (Just built a guest house.) 3000 square feet. (3000 square feet.) Everything go to waste. (Everything go to waste.) Too much money in the way. (Too much money in the way.) Just built a b-ball court. (just built a b-ball court.) Nigga don't even play. (Nigga don't even play.) What the fuck? I got enough weed to fill a hundred thousand blunts. Bought a playground at the crib, my daughter played on that shit once. Got a safe filled up with dirty money like Kaleena. Got a tennis court rotting  cuz it's waiting for Serena.   I got brick fare on me right now and I'll blow it. 40 racks stuffed down in my denim, I'll blow it. Take a gram of kush and roll it in the blunt, I blow it. What I spent today you spend it in a month, yea I blow it. Blow, blow, blow that money like a candle. Blow, blow that kush like a candle. Blow, blow that money like a candle. Blow, blow that kush like a candle.   Want some blow. Or to rent a boat. Nigga need a bigger both. For all this blow. How you getting doe? You ain't got nothing to blow Fuck out of here with your blow. The rich who blow, got it from a new blow. Actually It's old blow. It was gone for, you can say blow. Show me 700 for, by all means I was going to blow. Partner made that, hop in the Enzo. Yea that bitch gotta blow. Better tie her to the car and the deed to your house. Yea nigga, I'ma blow your bitch. (I'm blowin.) Blowin money, blowin strong. Swear that's all I blow. (that's all I blew.) All them blow days gone. You're the whore. Had to get me something to blow, so I went to California. Bought at California. I just want to blow their brain. Infatuated with horses. I just need them in my paint. (Rarri.)  Make me feel the power, blow that money every hour.   I got brick fare on me right now and I'll blow it. 40 racks stuffed down in my denim, I'll blow it. Take a gram of kush and roll it in the blunt, I blow it. What I spent today you spend it in a month, yea I blow it. Blow, blow, blow that money like a candle. Blow, blow that kush like a candle. Blow, blow that money like a candle. Blow, blow that kush like a candle.  

Kush:   Yeah, and we smoke that kush Yeah, that kush Yeah, and we ball like swoosh Yeah, like swoosh   Yeah, now how ya like me now...   Got the hoe goin' till 6 Press a button, watch the motherfucker do tricks I don't know what you are on, but I'm on some new shit While you're bitch is on my dick, like a glue stick I got a grill, I don't have to get my tooth fixed The tooth fairy would retire if I loose it Straight out the clip, that's how I spit like an oozey You can't find me 'cause I'm lost in the music I'm runnin' this and I can jump the hurdles I feelin' like I'm racing a bunch of little turtles Keep a bandana like the Ninja Turtles I'm like a turtle, when I sip the purple   And I smoke that kush Yeah, that kush Yeah, and I ball like swoosh Yeah, like swoosh  Yeah, and we smoke that kush Yeah, that kush Yeah, and we ball like swoosh Yeah, like swoosh   so how ya like me now...   Buck 60 on the dash, I'mma do two Captain Crunch, these niggas is Fruit Loops That's why your girl wanna fuck me and my group too And I'mma make her back it up like "droop shoop" I'm the Birdman Jr., I gotta do coups I hop up out that motherfucker, holler "suwoop" Hollygrove 17, I'm from the zoo crew You would think every animal in the zoo loose (Fuck with me) I'm on that screw juice but I keep my shit together, not a screw loose Yeeaahh, word to my Gucc (Gucci) boots, I'm higher than a new suit   Till we smoke that kush Yeah, that kush Yeah, and we ball like swoosh Yeah, like swoosh  Yeah, and we smoke that kush Yeah, that kush Yeah, and we ball like swoosh Yeah, like swoosh  Now how ya like me now...   Buck forty on a ring that I don't really wear But I bet it light up the night like the city fair This shit ain't fair, I didn't have to go there But all this ice got me feelin' like a polar bear I'm so aware, I'm so prepared, I'm so fly I will take off into the open air Lift off, Cristal, please, crackers with cheese Nigga please, we on J-E-Ts like Curtis Martin and whitley green I'm... lightin', lightin', light the thing, light the thing, no Reggie man   You know I smoke that kush... And I ball like swoosh   Now how ya like me now...  

Bass Down Low:   If you wanna get with me There's some things you gotta know I like my beats fast And my bass down low Ba-ba-bass, bass, bass down low Bass, bass, bass down low I, I, I like my beats fast And my bass down low Bass, bass down low Bass, bass, bass down low I, I, I like my beats fast And my bass down low   It's like one, two, three, fuck it I'm bout to take this drink and just stuff it Fish tank this thing along with four more shots of Patron I give a fuck about going home Straight buzzin Robotussin Wanna get ya mitts in my oven Wanna get a lick of this lovin G-g-g-get a lick of this lovin Yeah, I like it loud And I'll make you shout G-give you that Black Eyed Peas You know that Boom Boom Pow   If you wanna get with me There's some things you gotta know I like my beats fast And my bass down low Ba-ba-bass, bass, bass down low Bass, bass, bass down low I, I, I like my beats fast And my bass down low (Drop it to the floor) Bass down low Bass, bass, bass down low (To the floor) I, I, I like my beats fast And my bass down low (Drop it to the floor) Bass down low Bass, bass, bass down low (To the floor) I, I, I like my beats fast And my bass down low   It's like one, two, three, okay Can I get a little Goose in my OJ? Everyday feel like my birthday And we sip champagne when we thirsty Quit fronting why yo husband Tryna get his mitts in my oven Wanna get a lick of this lovin G-g-g-get a lick of this lovin Yeah, I like it loud And I'll make you shout G-give you that Black Eyed Peas You know that Boom Boom Pow   If you wanna get with me There's some things you gotta know I like my beats fast And my bass down low Ba-ba-bass, bass, bass down low Bass, bass, bass down low I, I, I like my beats fast And my bass down low (Drop it to the floor) Bass down low Bass, bass, bass down low (To the floor) I, I, I like my beats fast And my bass down low (Drop it to the floor) Bass down low Bass, bass, bass down low (To the floor) I, I, I like my beats fast And my bass down low   Bass Bass, bass, bass Bass Bass, bass, bass Bass, bass, bass I got a question for you Do you like it when I flow? I got a question for you Do you like it when I flow? With my bass down low La la la la La la la la La la la la La la la la La la la la La la la la La la la la La la la la   If you wanna get with me There's some things you gotta know (Drop it to the floor) Bass down low Bass, bass, bass down low (To the floor) I, I, I like my beats fast And my bass down low (Drop it to the floor) Bass down low Bass, bass, bass down low (To the floor) I, I, I like my beats fast And my bass down low  

Raise Your Glass:   Right, right, turn off the lights We're gonna lose our minds tonight What's the deal, yo? I love when it's all too much 5 a.m. turn the radio up Where's the rock 'n roll?  Party crasher, panty snatcher Call me up if you're a gangsta Don't be fancy, just get dancy Why so serious?   So raise your glass if you are wrong In all the right ways, all my underdogs We will never be, never be anything but loud And nitty, gritty, dirty, little freaks Won't you come on and come on and Raise your glass! Just come on and come on and Raise your glass!   Slam, slam, oh hot damn What part of a party don't you understand? Wish you'd just freak out (Freak out already) Can't stop, coming in hot I should be locked up right on the spot It's so on right now (It's so fucking on right now)  Party crasher, panty snatcher Call me up if you're a gangsta Don't be fancy, just get dancy Why so serious?   So raise your glass if you are wrong In all the right ways, all my underdogs We will never be, never be anything but loud And nitty, gritty, dirty, little freaks Won't you come on and come on and Raise your glass! Just come on and come on and Raise your glass! Won't you come on and come on and Raise your glass! Just come on and come on and Raise your glass!   Oh shit! My glass is empty That sucks!  So if you're too school for cool (I mean) And you're treated like a fool (You're treated like a fool) You can choose to let it go We can always, we can always party on our own   So raise your (oh, fuck) So raise your glass if you are wrong In all the right ways, all my underdogs We will never be, never be anything but loud And nitty, gritty, dirty, little freaks  (So raise your glass if you are wrong) So raise your glass if you are wrong In all the right ways, all my underdogs We will never be, never be anything but loud And nitty, gritty, dirty, little freaks Won't you come on and come on and Raise your glass! Just come on and come on and Raise your glass! Won't you come on and come on and Raise your glass for me! Just come on and come on and Raise your glass for me! For me  

Hello World:  Hello, hello, hello (world, world)   Can't be doin' this Can't be doin' that All I wanna do is lay back Can't be sittin' on a leather plaid sofa Brushin' up my loafers, tryin'a make tracks  All I wanna do is talk to you The girl outside my window Bet you got a greater story Than the one that's on HBO  Can't be doin' that Can't be doin' this All I wanna do is swim with the fish Can't be layin' on a leather plaid futon Lookin' at my Loubitons, actin' like a b*tch  All I wanna do is hear the sea Hear it come crashing over me Bet it's got a greater story Than the one that's on the BBC  Hello, hello, hello, world (world) You're mine and I am yours Everywhere I go You are so beautiful  Hello, hello, hello, world (world) And all of your people Everywhere I go You are so beautiful  H-E-L-L-O to the world You are BE-A-U-tiful   Tell me who you are Tell me what's your name Tell me 'bout the place from which you came I can see it in your eyes  you're a beauty and it is my duty to pick your brain  Come and lay under the stars with me Let your eyes go crazy Put your hands deep in the green grass Forget about your sad TV  Lift your head up, head up to the sky Tell me that is not the prettiest sight Tell me you can find a greater painting  Than the one that surrounds us daily  (Oh, Oh, Oh) You and me (Oh, Oh, Oh) The sky and sea Every mountain, every stream Baby, thats my ecstasy.  Hello, hello, hello, world (world) You're mine and I am yours Everywhere I go  You are so beautiful  Hello, hello, hello, world (world) And all of your people Everywhere I go You are so beautiful  H-E-L-L-O to the world You are BE-A-U-tiful  You are BE-A-U-tiful   Hello, hello, hello, world (world) You're mine and I am yours Everywhere I go  You are so beautiful  Hello, hello, hello, world (world) And all of your people Everywhere I go You are so beautiful  H-E-L-L-O to the world You are BE-A-U-tiful H-E-L-L-O to the world (Hello, hello, hello, world, world) You are so beautiful  H-E-L-L-O to the world You are BE-A-U-tiful H-E-L-L-O to the world (Hello, hello, hello, world, world) You are so beautiful  You are so beautiful!  

Moment 4 Life:  I fly with the stars in the skies I am no longer trying to survive I believe that life is a prize But to live doesn't mean you're alive Don't worry 'bout me and who I fire I get what I desire, it's my empire And yes I call the shots, I am the umpire I sprinkle holy water upon the vampire In this very moment I'm king In this very moment I slay Goliath with a sling In this very moment I bring, put it on everything That I will retire with the ring And I will retire with the crown, yes No, I'm not lucky, I'm blessed, yes Clap for the heavy weight champ, me But I couldn't do it all alone, we Young money raised me, grew up out in Baisley South side Jamaica, Queens and it's crazy Cause I'm still hood, Hollywood couldn't change me Shout out to my haters, Sorry that you couldn't faze me Ain't being cocky, we just vindicated Best believe that what we done this moment Will be syndicated, I don't know This night just remind me of Everything they deprived me of Put your drinks up It's a celebration every time we link up We done did everything they could think of Greatness is what we on the brink of  I wish that I could have this moment For life, for life, for life Cause in this moment I just feel so Alive, alive, alive  I wish that I could have this moment For life, for life, for life This is my moment I just feel so Alive, alive, alive   When I tell them hoes bow, bow, bow to me Drop down to your knees Young Money, the mafia, that's where the love cease I'm in a Dominican, Big Papi Ortiz Doing Target Practice All these Bitches just aiming to please Shout out to the C.E.O., 500 degrees Shout out to the O.V.O. Red wings and Fatigues ah Niggas wanna be friends, How coincidental, this was supposed to be ya'll year? We ain't get the memo A young king, pay me in gold Forty got a bunch of weed, he ain't even rolled These niggas be dropping songs They ain't even cold Weezy on top and that nigga ain't even home...Yet Yeah, be very afraid These other rappers getting bodied and carried away Fuck it, me and Nicki nick getting married today And all you bitches that be hating Can catch the bouquet Ooh, yeah, you a star in my eyes You and all them white girls, party of five Are we drinking a little more, I could hardly decide I can't believe we really made it I'm partly surprised I swear, damn, this one for the books Man, I swear this shit is as fun as it looks, man I'm really trying to make it more than what it is Cause everybody dies but not everybody lives  I wish that I could have this moment For life, for life, for life Cause in this moment I just feel so Alive, alive, alive  I wish that I could have this moment For life, for life, for life This is my moment I just feel so Alive, alive, alive  This is my moment I waited all my Life, I can tell it's time Drifting away, I'm One with the sunsets I have become alive  I wish that I could have this moment For life, for life, for life Cause in this moment I just feel so Alive, alive, alive  I wish that I could have this moment For life, for life, for life This is my moment I just feel so Alive, alive, alive, alive  

